New changes (#4)
flathub/sh.ppy.osu: README.md

# osu!
Keep in mind that the package is **not** official, there may be bugs specific to the flatpak. If you find such, report them here.

> > Note: this is lazer, not osu-stable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This is osu!(lazer) - a future update which is yet to be considered mainstream. It is not osu!(stable).
```

## Where is the game directory located?
Check `~/.var/app/sh.ppy.osu/data/osu`

## Graphic tablets

> Currently, support for graphics tablets on linux is implemented through the standalone [OpenTabletDriver](https://github.com/OpenTabletDriver/OpenTabletDriver) driver. \

Reviewer: it's not standalone though? it's integrated in the game.

Author: so right there it was written: `through the standalone driver`

Author: Or should I change it to `implemented through standalone driver in game`?

Reviewer: OTD isn't a driver, even though the project is incorrectly titled as such.

Something like "Graphics tablet support uses [OpenTabletDriver](...)" should suffice.

 - **At the moment, the tablet is controlled by the kernel module** \
You need to unload the module yourself from the terminal, using the following command: \
`sudo rmmod wacom || sudo rmmod hid_uclogic`
 - **Failed to open device streams** \
You need to download and execute the script from this repository (`tablet-udev-gen-rules.sh`) and create some [udev rules](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/udev)\
Don't forget to install `git` and `jq` via your package manager! \
\
If you are *not sure*/*do not understand* what to do:
```
curl -L -o ./tablet-udev-gen-rules.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flathub/sh.ppy.osu/master/tablet-udev-gen-rules.sh
chmod +x ./tablet-udev-gen-rules.sh
./tablet-udev-gen-rules.sh --idk # press Enter after udev question
```
or, follow [this guide](https://opentabletdriver.net/Wiki/FAQ/Linux#fail-device-streams)
> **_Note_**: To generate udev rules using the official guide, you need to install `dotnet` from the repositories of your distribution

Please, share your experience of using a graphics tablet in **osu!**. Both on the build in `flatpak` and on the official one (`AppImage`).

## When selecting files, not all directories are visible

> This happens because when a flatpak container is launched, only the necessary directories are passthrough to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because when a flatpak container is launched, only the necessary directories are passed through to it.
```
